<!-- Quiz Application Overview

We will create a simple web-based quiz application that allows users to take a quiz, receive feedback on their performance, and view their final score. The application will include multiple-choice questions, a timer for each question, and the ability to retry the quiz.

Steps to Build the Quiz Application
Set Up the HTML Structure
We'll create the basic structure for the quiz interface with buttons, display areas for questions, answers, and the timer.

Define Quiz Questions and Answers
We'll define questions in an array format with each question containing possible answers and the correct answer.

Create JavaScript Functions
Functions to display questions, track the user's progress, calculate scores, and handle the timer.

CSS Styling
Basic styling to make the quiz interface user-friendly.

Step-by-Step Code
1. HTML Structure
html
Copy
Edit -->


<!-- <div id="question-container"> will hold the current question and answer options.
<div id="timer"> will display the countdown timer.
<div id="score-container"></div> will display the user's final score and a button to retry the quiz.

     -->


<!-- // Start the quiz when the page loads
startQuiz();
Explanation of the JavaScript Code:
Quiz Data:
We define an array quizQuestions where each object represents a question. Each object contains the question text, an array of possible answers, and the index of the correct answer.

Timer:
We set up a timer that starts when a question is displayed. The startTimer() function decrements the time left by 1 second every second. If the timer reaches 0, the current question is considered completed, and the next question is displayed.

Display Questions:
The showQuestion() function updates the question and answer buttons for the current question.

Handling User Answer:
The selectAnswer() function checks if the user's answer is correct and updates the score. After that, it moves to the next question.

End of Quiz:
When all questions are answered, the endQuiz() function displays the user's final score.

Retry Feature:
After finishing the quiz, users can click the "Retry Quiz" button to start over.

Conclusion:
This quiz application allows users to answer multiple-choice questions, tracks their scores, provides feedback on correctness, includes a timer for each question, and displays the final score at the end. Users can also retry the quiz. -->

